examples/README.md, before:

# Examples

These examples demonstrate the main features of Bevy and how to use them.
To run an example, use the command `cargo run --example <Example>`, and add the option `--features x11` or `--features wayland` to force the example to run on a specific window compositor, e.g.

```sh
cargo run --features wayland --example hello_world
```

### ⚠️ Note: for users of releases on crates.io,

Due to changes and additions to APIs, there are often differences between the development examples and the released versions of Bevy on crates.io.
If you are using a release version from [crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/bevy), view the examples by checking out the appropriate git tag, e.g., users of `0.3` should use the examples on [https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/tree/v0.3.0/examples](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/tree/v0.3.0/examples)

If you have cloned bevy's repo locally, `git checkout` with the appropriate version tag.
```
git checkout v0.3.0
```

---

### Table of Contents

- [The Bare Minimum](#the-bare-minimum)
  - [Hello, World!](#hello-world)
- [Cross-Platform Examples](#cross-platform-examples)
  - [2D Rendering](#2d-rendering)
  - [3D Rendering](#3d-rendering)
  - [Application](#application)
  - [Assets](#assets)
  - [Audio](#audio)
  - [Diagnostics](#diagnostics)
  - [ECS (Entity Component System)](#ecs-entity-component-system)
  - [Games](#games)
  - [Input](#input)
  - [Reflection](#reflection)
  - [Scene](#scene)
  - [Shaders](#shaders)
  - [Tools](#tools)
  - [UI (User Interface)](#ui-user-interface)
  - [Window](#window)
- [Platform-Specific Examples](#platform-specific-examples)
  - [Android](#android)
  - [iOS](#ios)
  - [WASM](#wasm)

# The Bare Minimum

## Hello, World!

Example | Main | Description
--- | --- | ---
`hello_world` | [`hello_world.rs`](./hello_world.rs) | Runs a minimal example that outputs "hello world"

# Cross-Platform Examples

## 2D Rendering

Example | Main | Description
--- | --- | ---
`contributors` | [`2d/contributors.rs`](./2d/contributors.rs) | Displays each contributor as a bouncy bevy-ball!
`sprite_sheet` | [`2d/sprite_sheet.rs`](./2d/sprite_sheet.rs) | Renders an animated sprite
`sprite` | [`2d/sprite.rs`](./2d/sprite.rs) | Renders a sprite
`texture_atlas` | [`2d/texture_atlas.rs`](./2d/texture_atlas.rs) | Generates a texture atlas (sprite sheet) from individual sprites

## 3D Rendering

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`3d_scene` | [`3d/3d_scene.rs`](./3d/3d_scene.rs) | Simple 3D scene with basic shapes and lighting
`load_gltf` | [`3d/load_gltf.rs`](./3d/load_gltf.rs) | Loads and renders a gltf file as a scene
`msaa` | [`3d/msaa.rs`](./3d/msaa.rs) | Configures MSAA (Multi-Sample Anti-Aliasing) for smoother edges
`parenting` | [`3d/parenting.rs`](./3d/parenting.rs) | Demonstrates parent->child relationships and relative transformations
`spawner` | [`3d/spawner.rs`](./3d/spawner.rs) | Renders a large number of cubes with changing position and material
`texture` | [`3d/texture.rs`](./3d/texture.rs) | Shows configuration of texture materials
`z_sort_debug` | [`3d/z_sort_debug.rs`](./3d/z_sort_debug.rs) | Visualizes camera Z-ordering

## Application

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`custom_loop` | [`app/custom_loop.rs`](./app/custom_loop.rs) | Demonstrates how to create a custom runner (to update an app manually).
`empty_defaults` | [`app/empty_defaults.rs`](./app/empty_defaults.rs) | An empty application with default plugins
`empty` | [`app/empty.rs`](./app/empty.rs) | An empty application (does nothing)
`headless` | [`app/headless.rs`](./app/headless.rs) | An application that runs without default plugins
`logs` | [`app/logs.rs`](./app/logs.rs) | Illustrate how to use generate log output
`plugin_group` | [`app/plugin_group.rs`](./app/plugin_group.rs) | Demonstrates the creation and registration of a custom plugin group
`plugin` | [`app/plugin.rs`](./app/plugin.rs) | Demonstrates the creation and registration of a custom plugin
`return_after_run` | [`app/return_after_run.rs`](./app/return_after_run.rs) | Show how to return to main after the Bevy app has exited
`thread_pool_resources` | [`app/thread_pool_resources.rs`](./app/thread_pool_resources.rs) | Creates and customizes the internal thread pool

## Assets

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`asset_loading` | [`asset/asset_loading.rs`](./asset/asset_loading.rs) | Demonstrates various methods to load assets
`custom_asset` | [`asset/custom_asset.rs`](./asset/custom_asset.rs) | Implements a custom asset loader
`hot_asset_reloading` | [`asset/hot_asset_reloading.rs`](./asset/hot_asset_reloading.rs) | Demonstrates automatic reloading of assets when modified on disk

## Audio

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`audio` | [`audio/audio.rs`](./audio/audio.rs) | Shows how to load and play an audio file

## Diagnostics

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`custom_diagnostic` | [`diagnostics/custom_diagnostic.rs`](./diagnostics/custom_diagnostic.rs) | Shows how to create a custom diagnostic
`print_diagnostics` | [`diagnostics/print_diagnostics.rs`](./diagnostics/print_diagnostics.rs) | Add a plugin that prints diagnostics to the console

## ECS (Entity Component System)

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`ecs_guide` | [`ecs/ecs_guide.rs`](./ecs/ecs_guide.rs) | Full guide to Bevy's ECS
`event` | [`ecs/event.rs`](./ecs/event.rs) | Illustrates event creation, activation, and reception
`hierarchy` | [`ecs/hierarchy.rs`](./ecs/hierarchy.rs) | Creates a hierarchy of parents and children entities
`parallel_query` | [`ecs/parallel_query.rs`](./ecs/parallel_query.rs) | Illustrates parallel queries with `ParallelIterator`
`removal_detection` | [`ecs/removal_detection.rs`](./ecs/removal_detection.rs) | Query for entities that had a specific component removed in a previous stage during the current frame.
`startup_system` | [`ecs/startup_system.rs`](./ecs/startup_system.rs) | Demonstrates a startup system (one that runs once when the app starts up)
`system_chaining` | [`ecs/system_chaining.rs`](./ecs/system_chaining.rs) | Chain two systems together, specifying a return type in a system (such as `Result`)
`timers` | [`ecs/timers.rs`](./ecs/timers.rs) | Illustrates ticking `Timer` resources inside systems and handling their state

## Games

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`breakout` | [`game/breakout.rs`](./game/breakout.rs) | An implementation of the classic game "Breakout"

## Input

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`char_input_events` | [`input/char_input_events.rs`](./input/char_input_events.rs) | Prints out all chars as they are inputted.
`gamepad_input_events` | [`input/gamepad_input_events.rs`](./input/gamepad_input_events.rs) | Iterates and prints gamepad input and connection events
`gamepad_input` | [`input/gamepad_input.rs`](./input/gamepad_input.rs) | Shows handling of gamepad input, connections, and disconnections
`keyboard_input_events` | [`input/keyboard_input_events.rs`](./input/keyboard_input_events.rs) | Prints out all keyboard events
`keyboard_input` | [`input/keyboard_input.rs`](./input/keyboard_input.rs) | Demonstrates handling a key press/release
`mouse_input_events` | [`input/mouse_input_events.rs`](./input/mouse_input_events.rs) | Prints out all mouse events (buttons, movement, etc.)
`mouse_input` | [`input/mouse_input.rs`](./input/mouse_input.rs) | Demonstrates handling a mouse button press/release
`touch_input_events` | [`input/touch_input_events.rs`](./input/touch_input_input_events.rs) | Prints out all touch inputs
`touch_input` | [`input/touch_input.rs`](./input/touch_input.rs) | Displays touch presses, releases, and cancels

## Reflection

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`generic_reflection` | [`reflection/generic_reflection.rs`](reflection/generic_reflection.rs) | Registers concrete instances of generic types that may be used with reflection
`reflection_types` | [`reflection/reflection_types.rs`](reflection/reflection_types.rs) | Illustrates the various reflection types available
`reflection` | [`reflection/reflection.rs`](reflection/reflection.rs) | Demonstrates how reflection in Bevy provides a way to dynamically interact with Rust types
`trait_reflection` | [`reflection/trait_reflection.rs`](reflection/trait_reflection.rs) | Allows reflection with trait objects

## Scene

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`scene` | [`scene/scene.rs`](./scene/scene.rs) | Demonstrates loading from and saving scenes to files

## Shaders

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`array_texture` | [`shader/array_texture.rs`](./shader/array_texture.rs) | Illustrates how to create a texture for use with a texture2DArray shader uniform variable
`mesh_custom_attribute` | [`shader/mesh_custom_attribute.rs`](./shader/mesh_custom_attribute.rs) | Illustrates how to add a custom attribute to a mesh and use it in a custom shader
`shader_custom_material` | [`shader/shader_custom_material.rs`](./shader/shader_custom_material.rs) | Illustrates creating a custom material and a shader that uses it
`shader_defs` | [`shader/shader_defs.rs`](./shader/shader_defs.rs) | Demonstrates creating a custom material that uses "shaders defs" (a tool to selectively toggle parts of a shader)

## Tools

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`bevymark` | [`tools/bevymark.rs`](./tools/bevymark.rs) | A heavy workload to use to see how far Bevy can push your system

## UI (User Interface)

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`button` | [`ui/button.rs`](./ui/button.rs) | Illustrates creating and updating a button
`font_atlas_debug` | [`ui/font_atlas_debug.rs`](./ui/font_atlas_debug.rs) | Illustrates how FontAtlases are populated (used to optimize text rendering internally)
`text_debug` | [`ui/text_debug.rs`](./ui/text_debug.rs) | An example for debugging text layout
`text` | [`ui/text.rs`](./ui/text.rs) | Illustrates creating and updating text
`ui` | [`ui/ui.rs`](./ui/ui.rs) | Illustrates various features of Bevy UI

## Window

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`clear_color` | [`window/clear_color.rs`](./window/clear_color.rs) | Creates a solid color window
`multiple_windows` | [`window/multiple_windows.rs`](./window/multiple_windows.rs) | Creates two windows and cameras viewing the same mesh
`window_settings` | [`window/window_settings.rs`](./window/window_settings.rs) | Demonstrates customizing default window settings

# Platform-Specific Examples

## Android

#### Setup

```sh
rustup target add aarch64-linux-android armv7-linux-androideabi
cargo install cargo-apk
```

The Android SDK must be installed, and the environment variable `ANDROID_SDK_ROOT` set to the root Android `sdk` folder.

When using `NDK (Side by side)`, the environment variable `ANDROID_NDK_ROOT` must also be set to one of the NDKs in `sdk\ndk\[NDK number]`.

#### Build & Run

To run on a device setup for Android development, run:

```sh
cargo apk run --example android
```

:warning: At this time Bevy does not work in Android Emulator.

When using Bevy as a library, the following fields must be added to `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[package.metadata.android]
build_targets = ["aarch64-linux-android", "armv7-linux-androideabi"]
target_sdk_version = 29
min_sdk_version = 16
```

Please reference `cargo-apk` [README](https://crates.io/crates/cargo-apk) for other Android Manifest fields.

#### Old phones

Bevy by default targets Android API level 29 in its examples which is the [Play Store's minimum API to upload or update apps](https://developer.android.com/distribute/best-practices/develop/target-sdk). Users of older phones may want to use an older API when testing.

To use a different API, the following fields must be updated in Cargo.toml:

```toml
[package.metadata.android]
target_sdk_version = >>API<<
min_sdk_version = >>API or less<<
```

## iOS

#### Setup

```sh
rustup target add aarch64-apple-ios x86_64-apple-ios
cargo install cargo-lipo
```

#### Build & Run

Using bash:

```sh
cd examples/ios
make run
```

In an ideal world, this will boot up, install and run the app for the first
iOS simulator in your `xcrun simctl devices list`. If this fails, you can
specify the simulator device UUID via:

```sh
DEVICE_ID=${YOUR_DEVICE_ID} make run
```

If you'd like to see xcode do stuff, you can run

```sh
open bevy_ios_example.xcodeproj/
```

which will open xcode. You then must push the zoom zoom play button and wait
for the magic.

The Xcode build GUI will by default build the rust library for both
`x86_64-apple-ios`, and `aarch64-apple-ios` which may take a while. If you'd
like speed this up, you update the `IOS_TARGETS` User-Defined environment
variable in the "`cargo_ios` target" to be either `x86_64-apple-ios` or
`aarch64-applo-ios` depending on your goal.

Note: if you update this variable in Xcode, it will also change the default
used for the `Makefile`.

## WASM

#### Setup

```sh
rustup target add wasm32-unknown-unknown
cargo install wasm-bindgen-cli
```

#### Build & Run

Following is an example for `headless_wasm`. For other examples in wasm/ directory,
change the `headless_wasm` in the following commands **and edit** `examples/wasm/index.html`
to point to the correct `.js` file.

```sh
cargo build --example headless_wasm --target wasm32-unknown-unknown --no-default-features
wasm-bindgen --out-dir examples/wasm/target --target web target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/debug/examples/headless_wasm.wasm
```

Then serve `examples/wasm` dir to browser. i.e.

```sh
basic-http-server examples/wasm
```

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`hello_wasm` | [`wasm/hello_wasm.rs`](./wasm/hello_wasm.rs) | Runs a minimal example that logs "hello world" to the browser's console
`headless_wasm` | [`wasm/headless_wasm.rs`](./wasm/headless_wasm.rs) | Sets up a schedule runner and continually logs a counter to the browser's console
`assets_wasm` | [`wasm/assets_wasm.rs`](./wasm/assets_wasm.rs) | Demonstrates how to load assets from wasm
`winit_wasm` | [`wasm/winit_wasm.rs`](./wasm/winit_wasm.rs) | Logs user input to the browser's console. Requires the `bevy_winit` features

Commit message:

add scene instance entity iteration  (#1058)
add scene instance entity iteration

(cherry picked from commit c25b41a0387a06693b502f2fbddc9b13e0d02ece)

examples/README.md, after:

# Examples

These examples demonstrate the main features of Bevy and how to use them.
To run an example, use the command `cargo run --example <Example>`, and add the option `--features x11` or `--features wayland` to force the example to run on a specific window compositor, e.g.

```sh
cargo run --features wayland --example hello_world
```

### ⚠️ Note: for users of releases on crates.io,

Due to changes and additions to APIs, there are often differences between the development examples and the released versions of Bevy on crates.io.
If you are using a release version from [crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/bevy), view the examples by checking out the appropriate git tag, e.g., users of `0.3` should use the examples on [https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/tree/v0.3.0/examples](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/tree/v0.3.0/examples)

If you have cloned bevy's repo locally, `git checkout` with the appropriate version tag.
```
git checkout v0.3.0
```

---

### Table of Contents

- [The Bare Minimum](#the-bare-minimum)
  - [Hello, World!](#hello-world)
- [Cross-Platform Examples](#cross-platform-examples)
  - [2D Rendering](#2d-rendering)
  - [3D Rendering](#3d-rendering)
  - [Application](#application)
  - [Assets](#assets)
  - [Audio](#audio)
  - [Diagnostics](#diagnostics)
  - [ECS (Entity Component System)](#ecs-entity-component-system)
  - [Games](#games)
  - [Input](#input)
  - [Reflection](#reflection)
  - [Scene](#scene)
  - [Shaders](#shaders)
  - [Tools](#tools)
  - [UI (User Interface)](#ui-user-interface)
  - [Window](#window)
- [Platform-Specific Examples](#platform-specific-examples)
  - [Android](#android)
  - [iOS](#ios)
  - [WASM](#wasm)

# The Bare Minimum

## Hello, World!

Example | Main | Description
--- | --- | ---
`hello_world` | [`hello_world.rs`](./hello_world.rs) | Runs a minimal example that outputs "hello world"

# Cross-Platform Examples

## 2D Rendering

Example | Main | Description
--- | --- | ---
`contributors` | [`2d/contributors.rs`](./2d/contributors.rs) | Displays each contributor as a bouncy bevy-ball!
`sprite_sheet` | [`2d/sprite_sheet.rs`](./2d/sprite_sheet.rs) | Renders an animated sprite
`sprite` | [`2d/sprite.rs`](./2d/sprite.rs) | Renders a sprite
`texture_atlas` | [`2d/texture_atlas.rs`](./2d/texture_atlas.rs) | Generates a texture atlas (sprite sheet) from individual sprites

## 3D Rendering

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`3d_scene` | [`3d/3d_scene.rs`](./3d/3d_scene.rs) | Simple 3D scene with basic shapes and lighting
`load_gltf` | [`3d/load_gltf.rs`](./3d/load_gltf.rs) | Loads and renders a gltf file as a scene
`msaa` | [`3d/msaa.rs`](./3d/msaa.rs) | Configures MSAA (Multi-Sample Anti-Aliasing) for smoother edges
`parenting` | [`3d/parenting.rs`](./3d/parenting.rs) | Demonstrates parent->child relationships and relative transformations
`spawner` | [`3d/spawner.rs`](./3d/spawner.rs) | Renders a large number of cubes with changing position and material
`texture` | [`3d/texture.rs`](./3d/texture.rs) | Shows configuration of texture materials
`update_gltf_scene` | [`3d/update_gltf_scene.rs`](./3d/update_gltf_scene.rs) | Update a scene from a gltf file, either by spawning the scene as a child of another entity, or by accessing the entities of the scene
`z_sort_debug` | [`3d/z_sort_debug.rs`](./3d/z_sort_debug.rs) | Visualizes camera Z-ordering

## Application

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`custom_loop` | [`app/custom_loop.rs`](./app/custom_loop.rs) | Demonstrates how to create a custom runner (to update an app manually).
`empty_defaults` | [`app/empty_defaults.rs`](./app/empty_defaults.rs) | An empty application with default plugins
`empty` | [`app/empty.rs`](./app/empty.rs) | An empty application (does nothing)
`headless` | [`app/headless.rs`](./app/headless.rs) | An application that runs without default plugins
`logs` | [`app/logs.rs`](./app/logs.rs) | Illustrate how to use generate log output
`plugin_group` | [`app/plugin_group.rs`](./app/plugin_group.rs) | Demonstrates the creation and registration of a custom plugin group
`plugin` | [`app/plugin.rs`](./app/plugin.rs) | Demonstrates the creation and registration of a custom plugin
`return_after_run` | [`app/return_after_run.rs`](./app/return_after_run.rs) | Show how to return to main after the Bevy app has exited
`thread_pool_resources` | [`app/thread_pool_resources.rs`](./app/thread_pool_resources.rs) | Creates and customizes the internal thread pool

## Assets

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`asset_loading` | [`asset/asset_loading.rs`](./asset/asset_loading.rs) | Demonstrates various methods to load assets
`custom_asset` | [`asset/custom_asset.rs`](./asset/custom_asset.rs) | Implements a custom asset loader
`hot_asset_reloading` | [`asset/hot_asset_reloading.rs`](./asset/hot_asset_reloading.rs) | Demonstrates automatic reloading of assets when modified on disk

## Audio

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`audio` | [`audio/audio.rs`](./audio/audio.rs) | Shows how to load and play an audio file

## Diagnostics

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`custom_diagnostic` | [`diagnostics/custom_diagnostic.rs`](./diagnostics/custom_diagnostic.rs) | Shows how to create a custom diagnostic
`print_diagnostics` | [`diagnostics/print_diagnostics.rs`](./diagnostics/print_diagnostics.rs) | Add a plugin that prints diagnostics to the console

## ECS (Entity Component System)

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`ecs_guide` | [`ecs/ecs_guide.rs`](./ecs/ecs_guide.rs) | Full guide to Bevy's ECS
`event` | [`ecs/event.rs`](./ecs/event.rs) | Illustrates event creation, activation, and reception
`hierarchy` | [`ecs/hierarchy.rs`](./ecs/hierarchy.rs) | Creates a hierarchy of parents and children entities
`parallel_query` | [`ecs/parallel_query.rs`](./ecs/parallel_query.rs) | Illustrates parallel queries with `ParallelIterator`
`removal_detection` | [`ecs/removal_detection.rs`](./ecs/removal_detection.rs) | Query for entities that had a specific component removed in a previous stage during the current frame.
`startup_system` | [`ecs/startup_system.rs`](./ecs/startup_system.rs) | Demonstrates a startup system (one that runs once when the app starts up)
`system_chaining` | [`ecs/system_chaining.rs`](./ecs/system_chaining.rs) | Chain two systems together, specifying a return type in a system (such as `Result`)
`timers` | [`ecs/timers.rs`](./ecs/timers.rs) | Illustrates ticking `Timer` resources inside systems and handling their state

## Games

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`breakout` | [`game/breakout.rs`](./game/breakout.rs) | An implementation of the classic game "Breakout"

## Input

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`char_input_events` | [`input/char_input_events.rs`](./input/char_input_events.rs) | Prints out all chars as they are inputted.
`gamepad_input_events` | [`input/gamepad_input_events.rs`](./input/gamepad_input_events.rs) | Iterates and prints gamepad input and connection events
`gamepad_input` | [`input/gamepad_input.rs`](./input/gamepad_input.rs) | Shows handling of gamepad input, connections, and disconnections
`keyboard_input_events` | [`input/keyboard_input_events.rs`](./input/keyboard_input_events.rs) | Prints out all keyboard events
`keyboard_input` | [`input/keyboard_input.rs`](./input/keyboard_input.rs) | Demonstrates handling a key press/release
`mouse_input_events` | [`input/mouse_input_events.rs`](./input/mouse_input_events.rs) | Prints out all mouse events (buttons, movement, etc.)
`mouse_input` | [`input/mouse_input.rs`](./input/mouse_input.rs) | Demonstrates handling a mouse button press/release
`touch_input_events` | [`input/touch_input_events.rs`](./input/touch_input_input_events.rs) | Prints out all touch inputs
`touch_input` | [`input/touch_input.rs`](./input/touch_input.rs) | Displays touch presses, releases, and cancels

## Reflection

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`generic_reflection` | [`reflection/generic_reflection.rs`](reflection/generic_reflection.rs) | Registers concrete instances of generic types that may be used with reflection
`reflection_types` | [`reflection/reflection_types.rs`](reflection/reflection_types.rs) | Illustrates the various reflection types available
`reflection` | [`reflection/reflection.rs`](reflection/reflection.rs) | Demonstrates how reflection in Bevy provides a way to dynamically interact with Rust types
`trait_reflection` | [`reflection/trait_reflection.rs`](reflection/trait_reflection.rs) | Allows reflection with trait objects

## Scene

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`scene` | [`scene/scene.rs`](./scene/scene.rs) | Demonstrates loading from and saving scenes to files

## Shaders

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`array_texture` | [`shader/array_texture.rs`](./shader/array_texture.rs) | Illustrates how to create a texture for use with a texture2DArray shader uniform variable
`mesh_custom_attribute` | [`shader/mesh_custom_attribute.rs`](./shader/mesh_custom_attribute.rs) | Illustrates how to add a custom attribute to a mesh and use it in a custom shader
`shader_custom_material` | [`shader/shader_custom_material.rs`](./shader/shader_custom_material.rs) | Illustrates creating a custom material and a shader that uses it
`shader_defs` | [`shader/shader_defs.rs`](./shader/shader_defs.rs) | Demonstrates creating a custom material that uses "shaders defs" (a tool to selectively toggle parts of a shader)

## Tools

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`bevymark` | [`tools/bevymark.rs`](./tools/bevymark.rs) | A heavy workload to use to see how far Bevy can push your system

## UI (User Interface)

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`button` | [`ui/button.rs`](./ui/button.rs) | Illustrates creating and updating a button
`font_atlas_debug` | [`ui/font_atlas_debug.rs`](./ui/font_atlas_debug.rs) | Illustrates how FontAtlases are populated (used to optimize text rendering internally)
`text_debug` | [`ui/text_debug.rs`](./ui/text_debug.rs) | An example for debugging text layout
`text` | [`ui/text.rs`](./ui/text.rs) | Illustrates creating and updating text
`ui` | [`ui/ui.rs`](./ui/ui.rs) | Illustrates various features of Bevy UI

## Window

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`clear_color` | [`window/clear_color.rs`](./window/clear_color.rs) | Creates a solid color window
`multiple_windows` | [`window/multiple_windows.rs`](./window/multiple_windows.rs) | Creates two windows and cameras viewing the same mesh
`window_settings` | [`window/window_settings.rs`](./window/window_settings.rs) | Demonstrates customizing default window settings

# Platform-Specific Examples

## Android

#### Setup

```sh
rustup target add aarch64-linux-android armv7-linux-androideabi
cargo install cargo-apk
```

The Android SDK must be installed, and the environment variable `ANDROID_SDK_ROOT` set to the root Android `sdk` folder.

When using `NDK (Side by side)`, the environment variable `ANDROID_NDK_ROOT` must also be set to one of the NDKs in `sdk\ndk\[NDK number]`.

#### Build & Run

To run on a device setup for Android development, run:

```sh
cargo apk run --example android
```

:warning: At this time Bevy does not work in Android Emulator.

When using Bevy as a library, the following fields must be added to `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[package.metadata.android]
build_targets = ["aarch64-linux-android", "armv7-linux-androideabi"]
target_sdk_version = 29
min_sdk_version = 16
```

Please reference `cargo-apk` [README](https://crates.io/crates/cargo-apk) for other Android Manifest fields.

#### Old phones

Bevy by default targets Android API level 29 in its examples which is the [Play Store's minimum API to upload or update apps](https://developer.android.com/distribute/best-practices/develop/target-sdk). Users of older phones may want to use an older API when testing.

To use a different API, the following fields must be updated in Cargo.toml:

```toml
[package.metadata.android]
target_sdk_version = >>API<<
min_sdk_version = >>API or less<<
```

## iOS

#### Setup

```sh
rustup target add aarch64-apple-ios x86_64-apple-ios
cargo install cargo-lipo
```

#### Build & Run

Using bash:

```sh
cd examples/ios
make run
```

In an ideal world, this will boot up, install and run the app for the first
iOS simulator in your `xcrun simctl devices list`. If this fails, you can
specify the simulator device UUID via:

```sh
DEVICE_ID=${YOUR_DEVICE_ID} make run
```

If you'd like to see xcode do stuff, you can run

```sh
open bevy_ios_example.xcodeproj/
```

which will open xcode. You then must push the zoom zoom play button and wait
for the magic.

The Xcode build GUI will by default build the rust library for both
`x86_64-apple-ios`, and `aarch64-apple-ios` which may take a while. If you'd
like speed this up, you update the `IOS_TARGETS` User-Defined environment
variable in the "`cargo_ios` target" to be either `x86_64-apple-ios` or
`aarch64-applo-ios` depending on your goal.

Note: if you update this variable in Xcode, it will also change the default
used for the `Makefile`.

## WASM

#### Setup

```sh
rustup target add wasm32-unknown-unknown
cargo install wasm-bindgen-cli
```

#### Build & Run

Following is an example for `headless_wasm`. For other examples in wasm/ directory,
change the `headless_wasm` in the following commands **and edit** `examples/wasm/index.html`
to point to the correct `.js` file.

```sh
cargo build --example headless_wasm --target wasm32-unknown-unknown --no-default-features
wasm-bindgen --out-dir examples/wasm/target --target web target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/debug/examples/headless_wasm.wasm
```

Then serve `examples/wasm` dir to browser. i.e.

```sh
basic-http-server examples/wasm
```

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`hello_wasm` | [`wasm/hello_wasm.rs`](./wasm/hello_wasm.rs) | Runs a minimal example that logs "hello world" to the browser's console
`headless_wasm` | [`wasm/headless_wasm.rs`](./wasm/headless_wasm.rs) | Sets up a schedule runner and continually logs a counter to the browser's console
`assets_wasm` | [`wasm/assets_wasm.rs`](./wasm/assets_wasm.rs) | Demonstrates how to load assets from wasm
`winit_wasm` | [`wasm/winit_wasm.rs`](./wasm/winit_wasm.rs) | Logs user input to the browser's console. Requires the `bevy_winit` features
